Atomic operations (#121)
RalfJung/minirust: spec/mem/atomic.md

# MiniRust atomic memory

> This is a wrapper for a memory that distinguishes between non-atomic and atomic memory accesses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a wrapper for a memory that distinguishes between non-atomic and atomic memory accesses. For now atomicity is ignored; this will change in the future/
```

> This is a wrapper for a memory. It is used by the machine to distinguish between non-atomic and atomic memory accesses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a wrapper for a memory that distinguishes between non-atomic and atomic memory accesses.
```

```rust

> pub struct AtomicMemory<M: Memory>{

Author: ```suggestion
pub struct AtomicMemory<M: Memory> {
```

    memory: M,
}

> /// The different kind of atomicity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// The different kinds of atomicity.
```

pub enum Atomicity {

>     Atomic,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// A sequentially consistent atomic access.
    Atomic,
```
All variants of this enum should have a doc comment

    Default,

    /// Not at run-time

>     None,

Reviewer: I don't think we want both `Default` and `None`. And `Default` is unclear anyway, so why not just use `Atomicity::None` everywhere that you currently use `Default`?

Author: Thinking about it `Default` was a bad name. The thing is I already planned ahead and `None` was meant for when there is no active thread, while `Default` were just the default memory accesses executed by a thread.

Reviewer: I see you used `None` for initializing the globals. I think it's fine to just make them non-atomic.
